Hello again you wonderful God people.
And welcome to the wrap up of high slices.
And we've come a really long way.
We've done a lot of really cool work and a top down stealth game.
Take a moment to think about what we've covered.
Right.
We've covered top down movement and looking at the mouse and rotating the character.
We have looked at inheriting scripts so we start off with a play a detection script actually we start
off with a character script and as a player and a player detection script and then within that we've
got a camera and a security guard and that's all great.
We've got things like line of sight auto tiles alter tiles of collision.
We've looked at occlusion and light maps and all kinds of cool stuff.
We've even looked at how to use has node and how to spawn a node within the tree and using that as an
ant as a form of inventories poster making an array or a dictionary lots of very cool stuff.
Before we move onto the next section and start exploring 3D.
I've got some challenges for you in case you want to go that extra mile.
Some things you might want to do.
You could put in extra enemy types.
Maybe I don't know a security dog that moves much faster but can't see as far or maybe some sort of
pressure plate or if you step on it the alarm will go off.
Maybe you want to put an alarm system in.
Maybe you want to put in some sort of score.
So depending on how much loot and what types of loot you got when you get to the exit or how long it
takes you to get to the exit or a combination of both.
That's the screen and get you could put in multiple levels.
You could have one level even to another level.
You could have multiple floors within a level so a level one floor one level one floor to move up and
then have to move down to the exit or maybe the exits on the roof and you have to go up a whole bunch
of fun things you could do here either way.
Excellent work.
And I'm really looking forward to seeing the heiss mice's games that you guys have done already.
Some people have already shared their work as have been here for the course.
Catching up with me as I've been recording them and I'll be looking at those on discord on the community
Facebook.
Yes the community Facebook group and on the forum.
See I'm giving these myself.
Community Forum community Facebook.
We have both.
And I've been looking at both and the memory call.
Next we'll start diving into 3D so I'm going to make a slightly simpler project.
But when you're up the stakes we've got a whole new axis to worry about right.
Going to have X Y and Z which some of you Causey and that's okay either way.
Excellent work and I'll see you in the next section.